Is Curcumin (C.I. 75300) considered halal?
What is the halal status of Riboflavin/Lactofavin/Vitamin B2?
Is Tartrazine/FD&C Yellow 5 (C.I. 19140) halal?
Can Quinoline Yellow (C.I. 47005) be considered halal?
Is Yellow 2G (C.I. 18965) halal?
What is the halal status of Sunset Yellow FCF/FD&C Yellow 6 (C.I. 15985)?
Is Cochineal/Carmines (C.I. 75470) considered halal?
Can Carmoisine/Azorubine (C.I. 14720) be considered halal?
Is Amaranth/FD&C Red 2 (C.I. 16185) halal?
What is the halal status of Ponceau 4R/Cochineal Red A (C.I. 16255)?
Is Erythrosine/FD&C Red 3 (C.I. 45430) considered halal?
Can Red
Is Colouring considered halal or non-halal based on the available information?
What is the halal status of Beet Red/Betanin/Betanidin?
Are Anthocyanins halal or non-halal?
Is Calcium Carbonate/Chalk considered halal or non-halal?
What is the halal status of Titanium Dioxide?
Are Iron Oxides halal or non-halal?
Is Aluminium halal or non-halal?
What is the halal status of Silver?
Are Gold-based colorings halal or non-halal?
Is Pigment Rubine/Lithol Rubine BK halal or non-halal?
Is Sorbic Acid considered halal or non-halal?
What is the halal status of Sodium Sorbate?
Are Potassium Sorbate and Calcium Sorbate halal or non-halal?
Is Benzoic Acid considered halal or non-halal?
What is the halal status of Sodium Benzoate?
Are Potassium Benzoate and Calcium Benzoate halal or non-halal
Is Preservative considered halal or non-halal based on the available information?
What is the halal status of Formic Acid as a preservative?
Is Sodium Formate halal or non-halal as a preservative?
Can Calcium Formate be considered halal as a preservative?
Is Hexamine halal or non-halal as a preservative?
What is the halal status of Potassium Nitrite as a preservative?
Can Sodium Nitrite be considered halal as a preservative?
Is Sodium Nitrate halal or non-halal as a preservative?
Can Potassium Nitrate/Saltpetre be considered halal as a preservative?
Is Acetic Acid halal or non-halal as a food acid?
What is the halal status of Potassium Acetate as a food acid?
Can Sodium Acetate be considered halal as a food acid?
